[Applause]
[Music]
happy new year
short girl gang i have not made a
new year's video as you guys know my
last video was a
petite fashion haul but i
really wanted to sit down with you guys
like
one-on-one that's what it feels like to
me have a matcha
and just chat about 2021
as a community so here i am this was a
very unplanned video i mean i thought
about it
like you guys know my content it's
structured it's educational
i usually have a topic that
you guys usually give to me something
you want to know something you're
struggling with something you want to
learn
and then i teach about it for like 20 to
30 minutes
every week on my youtube that's what the
content has been like in the past
and of course i will always make content
like that because it's educational it's
really useful you guys love it etc but
i've been doing this for a few years now
and i got to a point last year
where i felt sort of repetitive and i
know repetitive is good sometimes
and there's always new girls joining the
short girl gang
that need to be you know filled in on
all the good stuff
but i want to involve you guys way more
in my content moving forward in 2021 and
that's why i'm sitting here right now
with the matcha so the purpose of this
video
is i want us to just pretend like
if you and i went out and grabbed a
matcha
or a coffee if you don't like matcha
it's okay it's fine you can sit with us
i want to know what questions you would
ask me obviously i'd ask you questions
too but i want to know
if we went out and we had a coffee we
had a matcha and we were just hanging
out like one-on-one girl to girl
what would you want to talk about i
really really want
content for 2021 to be so
what you guys are looking for and help
answer your problems help
solve the struggles that you're facing
in your day-to-day health
and if you are like i don't have any
struggles right now
that's totally fine what would we talk
about you know what what would you want
to ask me whether that's like
things you you are looking for answers
to or maybe you're like
i just want more ab workouts i don't
know what it is a lot of times you know
no one ever
no one ever hates an ab workout that's
for sure on social media but
i also don't want to just give you guys
ab workouts i want to make content that
will actually
change your life and impact you and help
make a positive influence on your life
outside of just giving you an ab workout
because
if you guys have been here long enough
you know that one ab workout is not
going to
change your life right so in the
comments below this will be a super
short video possibly the shortest video
i've ever made
i probably should sip this before the
video ends so
that's really good that's like a it's
like a it's a 10 out of 10. it always is
anyways so i want to know in the
comments short girl gang
what would you ask me like what one or
two burning questions would you ask me
if we were meeting right now
having a matcha at a cafe there was no
coven or maybe there is covid and we're
wearing masks
and we're six feet apart what would you
want to ask me
what can i help you with this year what
are you struggling with
what do you want to know whether it's
about you or me
literally anything goes here i really
want you guys to be
a part of this channel i really want
this community my number one goal for
this year is for this youtube community
to feel so much closer and while we
already have a really tight knit
community
i want it to be even closer i want us to
grow together i want to
share stuff that inspires and motivates
you and empowers you as a short woman to
take charge of your health
and yeah that's why i'm here that's why
i'm making this video and it's a little
bit
different than what i normally make
because i want
it to involve you like i want you guys i
want to like pull you in with me
and make this a collaborative process
you guys commenting you guys engaging
and letting me know
what you want to see and then me
delivering on that promise and really
helping to solve
a problem for you so all that to say
i hope you know you can always share
anything you're struggling with
with me whether you can do it below in
the youtube comments or whether you feel
more comfortable sending me an instagram
dm
i will answer and as far as content for
i personally in 2020 is just sharing a
little bit about the behind the scenes
i felt like i got to a point where i was
posting to post
some weeks and i always tell myself
that's okay
this content if it helps one person i
will be very happy with that that's how
i see
what i put out but i think that i'm in a
space this year where i want everything
i put out to
be a little bit more thoughtful and it
doesn't mean it's over
edited or more edited it might literally
mean i decide to go
live every single day for 30 days on a
specific topic but that's more
intentional to me that has like a real
drive behind it so whatever i do this
year
just know it's with you guys in mind i
want to put out stuff that we're all
proud of that's
helping us i want to put out stuff that
feels right and i don't want to just put
out content and just add to the noise
on the internet there's so much on the
internet already so
just know if you don't see a post for a
week
i am working behind the scenes to figure
out how we can connect on a deeper level
how i can
help you guys more this year than i have
in the past
and i will you know figure it out and
put out some
hopefully really awesome content for you
guys and as you know
we are a very small team it's not just
me obviously it's me
right now here and i am the one talking
and always
sharing with you guys i have a video
editor who helps me because you guys
my video wedding is seriously horrible
there might not even be that much
editing on some of the videos this year
i'm hoping a lot of them will just be
like
really raw and authentic and just like
you know
who needs fancy editing if it's really
good content and um there's also we have
one employee and then we have a team of
contractors as well who work
on our coaching side of the business but
as far as like the content-facing side
it's just me and my content assistant
i'm
still who i was three years ago when i
started this company which is
a girl who just wants to find other
like-minded short petite women
and help empower them help them on their
health journeys
and also share mine along the way
because mine has been the best part of
my life
i'm so passionate about health and three
years ago when i
quit my corporate job three years ago oh
my gosh no like
way before that i think it was like five
years ago now
so not that much longer it feels like a
lifetime ago but when i quit my
corporate job i remember i used to just
dream i would i was dreaming sitting at
my desk of just
doing what i'm doing now and just
filming
shooting writing things about health for
you that's what i always wanted to do i
always just wanted to create things
around health and fitness and wellness
for you guys specifically and i'm doing
that now and
that's thanks to you guys as well so let
me know
again last time what you would ask me if
you're having a cup of matcha
maybe what you want to see in 2021 um
how you want to be a part of this
community more
how i can help serve you all of those
things let's just get a conversation
going
and it will help me make way better
content for you in 2021 like i'm talking
like we will shake things up
so this is just your little like be
aware things might start changing around
here i don't know how yet but
i didn't want to just disappear without
telling you guys that
i'm rethinking our youtube situation
and not there's a situation but i'm
rethinking it i'm
thinking about how we can put out really
meaningful stuff and whatever i put out
from here on
out i want to be really proud of and
make sure it serves a purpose for you
guys so
also wanted to share with you guys as an
announcement
as you guys may or may not know we have
a coaching program
hundreds of petite women have gone
through it it is a 12-week
transformation program for short women
on having your first or second or third
body recomposition
losing fat gaining muscle we have a team
of health coaches two
dietitians and we only accept clients
about four times a year the rest of the
times we're just booked up
so we like to keep the groups intimate i
want you guys to know you were invited
for four more days to
check out our coaching program it's
called the petite power program you can
check it out below see if it's a good
fit for you
and you have four days to join us for
the january 2021 session
if you feel like it would be a good fit
and you're ready to tackle your goals
with a team of professionals who
understand the challenges that you face
as a petite woman your unique metabolism
your height
so if you're interested just letting you
guys know
you have four more days anyways we will
wrap it up there
but i hope you guys have a wonderful
rest of your day remember to subscribe
for more content together to petite
women
share with your short friends and
comment below this if there's like one
video
to comment on if you've been like a
silent follower this
is the one i want to see you i want to
hear from you i want to know who you
are and get to know you better so cheers
you guys
all the way happy new year and i will
maybe see you next week bye
[Music]
you